when you say the West is a little bit
closer to the eastern teams it sounds
like you're saying the gap is closing no
I'm okay I will not say a little closer
time if someone says it is doomed so I
will not say that
well it is the first day of worlds
groups with coverage presented of course
by you Gigi I'm joined right now by yang
Coase who is feeling pretty good we were
the same you're feeling pretty good yeah
I mean I feel good I'm really happy that
we won't against like you know pry it up
as a panel in the group but flashes and
follow look three strong too so I'm
excited for the next day
well what there is okay I interviewed
reiko-san Vettius after your you're
playing stage match a couple days ago
and they didn't have okay I don't wanna
put words in their mouth but I feel like
they were not feeling very confident in
you after that do you feel like that was
deserved like how do you feel you did in
plans I mean I think first of all it's
actually good that we went to plans
because I felt like we sucked kind of
implants so we picked up a lot of slack
and we don't choke as much on stage but
for today I mean I think Africa just
kind of disrespected here none and left
hammer open and I think that's like the
biggest reason why we won but on top of
it I mean I didn't play that well you
know I gave up a kill for no reason and
the game would have been pretty tough if
not the hammer pick so I'm really happy
that we had it in the back do you think
that's a one time you get homer the rest
of worlds yeah I think that's the only
time you know we kind of knew that
either one team will leave it open a bit
kind of too cocky and like either we
lose the game and it will be open for
the rest of tournament either we win
this game and we'll be never open again
so I think this is the time well it will
never be open again well if you're gonna
if you're gonna get a heimer for one
game and get the win I feel like a freak
is probably the one to do that right
yeah I think that's that's very good try
there if anyone does the past year and I
heard some rumors you guys were actually
may be preferring Group C instead of
Group A at first was that true it's kind
of true is because I feel like Team
Liquid and mad I feel like those teams
are a little bit worse than the other
teams in group I basically because I
feel like even flash was you know showed
out today they kind of stomped follow
and follow the new in play but it's just
that flashes had really good game plan
they're good rat and they just kind of
executed it and for us we kind of cheese
off game Africa and will not know what
will happen again when we until we face
them again so I think Group C will have
been a little bit easier but also I felt
like today's game like Team Liquid
against Katie I feel like Tim V liquid
even though they made mistakes to have
won that game but I felt like they were
not like under peak performance as
individuals and
mainly individual mistake lost the game
but I felt like David played really well
as well so yeah I've been hearing that a
lot even I in every doublelift who
usually it takes a lot of ownership and
and said he didn't feel well but he was
saying that even he thinks that like the
Katy it was closer than it looked like
that even though it looks like a stomp
it was maybe not that bad I mean as for
now like both games are game against a
frico and like Team Liquid games against
Katy the games against Corinthians they
look kind of like even I mean no team
was kind of stomping like we didn't
stomp we were like kind of even on lines
we are trying to play like a slow game
and same went for liquid like didn't
really like fall behind early so I feel
like maybe those were some team teams
can like finally how a chance to pick up
some wins against the Eastern teams like
Chinese or lck teams so I'm kind of
excited to see if you know for example
vitality can can beat who do they play
today I'm not sure but they play yeah
but they play a good team so a gingy
yeah yeah so at that we really exciting
you know for like another european team
to win a game against a Korean team I
shouldn't know djinji because of course
we've got cloud 9 playing against our
behind so that's how that works
now so so a lot of people did not think
you guys were gonna be able to get out
of group but I feel like with this pick
this one win it gives you guys like a
pretty good chance right because losing
any single game in groups is pretty
scary so how do you feel about your team
getting out of groups I mean I said
things like I need to play better and
some of my team is need to step up as
well I feel like this game was like I
wouldn't say it lucky because you know
we did have to close it out and we did
play it kind of well I won 3-1 they
wouldn't they were not able to pick us
off but I feel like the rest of the
teams are see really good you know
bufala can win against us and same goes
for flash holes so for sure this win is
very important but we may still not get
out of this group if we underestimate
other teams or if we have just stayed up
worse than other team so right now we
just focus on in the game by game so
nice game tomorrow we play on getting to
follow and you have to show up even
better the game than than we did today
well I'm part of the reason I asked and
this kind of goes back to what you were
saying about the Western teams I feel
like a lot of people felt as though
fnatic was the West's only chance right
they're like alright those ni teams
they're not going to do good like the
groups are not great for them they felt
like egos we can cheat and
plans and then vitality people don't
even talk about vitality sadly but it's
so that just means fanatic but it sounds
like you're you think there's a lot a
much better chance for the West I mean
okay so fnatic they have really tough
group so that's why people don't talk
about it because you know they have an
energy Genji so how can they win on
cloud nine even and when it comes to
fnatic the art of it like I still think
they are probably the best Western team
but they after all so we have to also
keep in mind us and cloud nine and EDG
and Griffin I mean no not Griffin sorry
the last team no no the last team from
Plains like we basically my point is
that the plane teams have a player a
plane buff because we had already warmed
up on stage so we kind of we were used
to play on stage already but for example
Team Liquid today I felt like maybe they
were like not so used to the stage
that's why I like those like kind of
like easy mistakes happened you know
like when when it comes to people not
hitting stuff so and it goes the same
for other teams you know so I'm sure
that today we have like a bigger bugs
and other teams and then like the level
will kind of even up when it comes to
like being warmed up on stage and I kind
of taken easy but I still think fnatic
will make us proud probably if we can't
but maybe we will house g2 time and
Korea been like are you guys feeling
current worries because whenever people
travel course like somebody gets sick
and they underperform I don't know how
things have been for your team I think
no one has been feeling too bad I mean
we went to a boot camp right after the
gauntlet so we were in koi we were like
two three weeks now in Korea so we have
been there for a while and the food is
very good and we did have some time off
to like do other stuff than just eat so
I think it was it was pretty nice I
really like Cory I was it's my second
time here for Luke I think his third and
you know what he lives here he actually
lives in Busan so he took us yeah he
took us to like he has a car ride so he
took us like to that the ocean like from
his site like where he lives it was like
really insane so yeah he said like you
know he did bring couple of girls day
before so so yeah it's pretty good you
know we are chilling and we are just
trying to like enjoy the game and do our
best
yeah that's got a cool wherever you go
to a country as a different city and one
of your teammates could just like drive
you around and show you the sights that
works out really good yeah that's
all right well anything that you would
say to any of the western fans who are
sitting here just like please dear God
the West pick it up at very excited I'm
sure those individuals about your win
today so anything you say to them I mean
for sure I would like to say that as you
can see we should not lose hope and I'm
not saying we are going to be deadly
team from now on just because we're on
one game I'm just saying that I think
the West is like a little bit closer to
days and I think we can actually pick up
some wins and we can make it so just
keep cheering for us and don't just like
losers out you know like we are still
here it goes for every Western team it
goes for us one and thieves it goes for
cloud nine Team Liquid you know fanatic
vitality so we'll do our best and we'll
try to make a crowd when you say the
West is a little bit closer to the
Eastern teams it sounds like you're
saying the gap is closing no no Kay I
will not say a little closer time it
someone says it is doomed so I will not
say that like you find another way to
say that I mean I just feel like macro
game is actually like a little bit
similar now so we actually understand
the game better than we used to and on
top of it issues are like mechanics like
sometimes our issue you know like Gragas
dying to the ganking top lane for no
reason so I mean there's still like some
issues that we might have I think it's
probably better I will not say that I
will not say the sentence okay okay good
that was a close one if you say that
that would that would spell doom for us
thank you so much you guys for the
interview for everyone else you could
take out the rest of my world's coverage
right here on my youtube channel well
we're at Worlds groups na is already
starting to lose I've seen how they're
losing anyway the point is I'm I'm
actually wondering if it just comes down
to the numbers the analytics the data
you know they just need to have better
scouting of of what champions are good
and what champions aren't what the
Korean players are playing what the
Western players are playing you don't
want to play those and and the funny
thing is is that they could have that
information just the way you have that
information right now if you go check
out our sponsor in the description uggg
just click that link it helps me a lot
and you put a champion in then you've
got all this information information
that if every na LCS player was using at
Worlds we would we would just win this
thing
and that's that's it's funny thing they
could win worlds you can win you're so
cute you just need to go in there and
use that link check out their their
champions like
options it's pretty cool it's a lot of
information great information check it
out they sponsor me
I met worlds because of them because the
whole point of this outro you also
subscribe and look at the next video but
again is it on this side it's why not
I think it's on this side that's the
that's a churro thanks for watching the
interview